Hi guys.
This is a fairy lesson in which I just want to talk to you about a multi tier web architecture.
And just to make sure that you are familiar and fully understand how this all works so we're not going
to actually build something out like this.
And the reason being is that we'd need some application logic and that's a bit beyond the scope of this
course so it's not so easy to set something like this up.
But what I do want to do is just show you a architecture.
Make sure you understand that and especially the security group configuration that applies to this design.
So what we have here is we have public subnets and we have a web front end in here so we've got an auto
scanning group with four instances.
We then have an application layer which is in private subnets.
So this is quite typical.
You might have your web front end here receiving traffic from the Internet.
Then it forwards that traffic to an application layer where some application logic processes that data.
Now typically you then have some other layer if it's going to go straight to storage or it's going to
go into a database.
So there'd be another layer and you'll be able to apply the same logic and concepts to that layer as
we do to the two layers that you can see here.
So the way this is set up is you have an Internet facing load balancer an internal load balancer.
Now the Internet facing load balancer distributes traffic to the auto scanning group in the web front
end the web front end then connects to the internal Albee and the internal LP distributes the traffic
to the instances in the private subnet so you understand all these concepts we've been through this
before.
If anything the most important thing about this lesson is to understand the security groups.
So this is the security group configuration.
Now it's very similar to what you saw in the previous lab.
What we have for the Internet facing Alby is a security group called Public OLB.
It's receiving traffic imports 80 for web traffic and it's got a rule that says that it can only send
outbound traffic to the public.
Easy to security group and that's the Web front end security group.
That security group is only allowed to receive traffic from the ALP.
So that's secure because it means that no one else can talk to this.
The only inbound rule that has allows port 80 from the ALP.
It then has an outbound rule that forwards port 80 to the private Alby.
Don't get hung up on the ports.
You probably wouldn't send it support ACA again.
You'd send it to some kind of application port could be one of many depending on what type of application
you're running but forget about the ports.
Just think about the process here.
So the private Alby security group is this security group here where your internal Alby resides and
it will only receive traffic from the web front hence it's secured so that it's only allowed to receive
traffic on whatever your application port is might not be port 80.
From the web front end and then in turn.
It's only allowed to send traffic outbound to the private easy to security group here.
And of course the private easy 2 Security Group is only allowing inbound traffic from the internal Alby.
So you understand how this works.
And if you had a database layer you would then apply the same security group pattern to your database
layer so your application layer would then only be allowed to send traffic to the port of your database
and your database would have an inbound rule that only allows traffic from the application layer.
So that's just how it all works.
So going back to the diagram the Internet facing load balancer only allows port 80 inbound or maybe
four for free as well.
It then has a rule that only allows outbound traffic to the security group in which the web front end
resides the web front end has a security group that only allows outbound access to the internal Alby
and the internal Albee has a rule that only allows inbound from the web front end and outbound to the
private easy to instances security group and they only allow traffic inbound from the internal ALP.
Now management is another matter you might need port twenty to you might need port 80 outbound.
You might be able to do that three separate security groups.
That's a secure configuration than putting them into these.
So you might have separate security groups for management so that you can assess each into your instances.
And so that you can get out to the Internet and actually access updates and binaries and so on.
So that's a multi tier web architecture and hopefully you understand now the best practice for applying
security groups.